README.md, before:

An experiment to create reusable component libraries using the latest front-end technologies.


## Table of Contents

- [How to Use](#how-to-use)
- [Libraries](#libraries)
- [Feature List](#feature-list)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)


## How to Use
- Clone the repo and run `npm install`
- `npm run storybook` and visit http://localhost:9001 (depends on the availability) and you'll see the stories
- `npm start` Run the actual app
- `npm run test`
- `npm run lint` Lint the js files using airbnb's eslint and flow config
- `npm run lint:fix` Lint and try to fix some basic linting errors
- `npm run publish-storybook` Will publish the story at [https://vidaaudrey.github.io/coursera-ui](https://vidaaudrey.github.io/coursera-ui)

## Feature List

## Libraries
- [Create React App] (https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md)
- [Storybook](https://github.com/kadirahq/react-storybook)

## How to Contribute


### Testing
```js
import sinon from 'sinon';
import { expect } from 'chai';
```

### Coverage Reporting


### Continuous Integration
We use Travis CI.

## Deployment

## Build


## Something Missing?

Commit message:

chore: update eslint and set up unit tests

README.md, after:

An experiment to create reusable component libraries using the latest front-end technologies.


## Table of Contents

- [How to Use](#how-to-use)
- [Libraries](#libraries)
- [Feature List](#feature-list)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)


## How to Use
- Clone the repo and run `npm install`
- `npm run storybook` and visit http://localhost:9001 (depends on the availability) and you'll see the stories
- `npm start` Run the actual app
- `npm run test`  Run all the tests in tests directory and eslint
- `npm run test:only` Run tests without eslint
- `npm run test:w` Watch and run the tests
- `npm run lint` Lint the js files using airbnb's eslint and flow config
- `npm run lint:fix` Lint and try to fix some basic linting errors
- `npm run publish-storybook` Will publish the story at [https://vidaaudrey.github.io/coursera-ui](https://vidaaudrey.github.io/coursera-ui)

## Feature List

## Libraries
- [Create React App] (https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md)
- [Storybook](https://github.com/kadirahq/react-storybook)

## How to Contribute


### Testing
```js
import sinon from 'sinon';
import { expect } from 'chai';
```

### Coverage Reporting


### Continuous Integration
We use Travis CI.

## Deployment

## Build


## Something Missing?
